docs: apply tone guide to CustomServiceDesks.md (#1753)
carbon-design-system/carbon-ai-chat: packages/ai-chat/docs/CustomServiceDesks.md

- React: `<ChatContainer serviceDeskFactory={...} serviceDesk={{ ... }} />`
- Web component (float): `<cds-aichat-container .serviceDeskFactory=${'{}'} .serviceDesk=${'{}'} />`
- Web component (custom element): `<cds-aichat-custom-element .serviceDeskFactory=${'{}'} .serviceDesk=${'{}'} />`

## Service desk requirements

To connect Carbon AI Chat to a service desk, the service desk must fulfill the Carbon AI Chat service desk API. Use the HTTP endpoints or web socket interface that the service desk provides. The service desk must let you start a chat, receive user messages, and deliver agent messages to the user.

Some service desk calls must include secrets you can't expose to end users, like API keys. For those calls, use middleware on your server to handle them. The middleware proxies the call from Carbon AI Chat, receiving it and then forwarding it to the service desk with the added secret.

If the service desk runs on a different domain from your website, make sure it supports CORS to handle requests from a web browser. Without CORS support, you can proxy the requests through your own server, which removes the need for CORS.

## Basic example

> Say you built a service integration that meets the service desk API. To make Carbon AI Chat use it, write a factory function that creates a new instance of your integration. The example below shows an empty integration that doesn't talk to a service desk; it's there to show how to register an integration with Carbon AI Chat.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you implement a service integration that satisfies the service desk API, getting the Carbon AI Chat to use it requires a factory function to create a new instance of your integration. The example shows an empty integration (that doesn't communicate with a service desk) to show how to register an integration with the Carbon AI Chat.
```

## API overview

Carbon AI Chat provides a public API that your custom code implements, and it calls that API to communicate with a service desk. This communication becomes part of the Carbon AI Chat visual experience.

The API provides functions for Carbon AI Chat to call. For example, {@link ServiceDesk.startChat | startChat} tells the service desk when a chat starts, and {@link ServiceDesk.sendMessageToAgent | sendMessageToAgent} sends a message from the user to an agent.

Carbon AI Chat also provides a callback API so the service desk can talk back. For example, {@link ServiceDeskCallback.agentJoined | agentJoined} tells Carbon AI Chat when an agent joins the chat, and {@link ServiceDeskCallback.sendMessageToUser | sendMessageToUser} shows the user a message from the agent.

### Communicating from the Carbon AI Chat to your service desk

The `serviceDeskFactory` config property expects a factory function that returns an object of functions or a class and receives {@link ServiceDeskFactoryParameters}. Carbon AI Chat calls the returned class or functions as needed to communicate with your integration.

### Communicating from your service desk to the Carbon AI Chat

> The factory receives a callback object in {@link ServiceDeskFactoryParameters}. You call these callbacks inside your service desk code to send information back to Carbon AI Chat.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The factory receives a callback object in {@link ServiceDeskFactoryParameters}. These callbacks are the functions you call inside your service desk code to communicate information back to the Carbon AI Chat.
```
